Dryad
What kind of decency is it?
Come first
I got it.
Hahahaha good
Exam success
I'll come next
Mr. Peng, come on
I didn't expect Zhao Linfeng, a villain, to be here
Hey, how can the shadow of this spirit tablet still dissipate?
This shows that the spirit tablet
It's about to bloom for the second time
Uh-hmm, that's right.
The higher the bone talent
The more spiritual light the spirit tablet emits
This guy is amazing
It can actually make the spirit tablet emit spiritual light three times
Yeah. Mmm
Triple Aura
That's a pretty good talent
And that's not all.
You see, the phantom of the Primordial Heavenly Spirit Monument has not dissipated yet
Could it be the fourth time?